
Hey Sam, We’re finishing up our series of posts about how each Enneagram type can be the most, compassionate, skillful, integrated and most helpful expressions of themselves during these hard times. And what better number to talk about as we conclude this series? Enneagram Nines--The Peacemakers!! I am so grateful to have two Nines in my life, especially during this Coronavirus debacle! At their best, Peacemakers are open and accepting, service-oriented, affable, calm, low maintenance, and great mediators when sequestered family members or roommates begin rubbing each other the wrong way. As for every type, Nines can run into trouble when they lack self-awareness. Unskillful Nines can be ambivalent and indecisive, a little too go with the flow, hold back their opinions and viewpoints when we most need to hear them right now, and they can become more self-forgetting and spacey than usual. So how do we help Nines flourish in these hard times and equip them to be their best for their sake and others? Check out this video for a few helpful tips for Nines. And, remember, we love you Nines and your voice is really needed right now. Much love, Ian P. S.   Mark your calendars for my Instagram Live Q&A on Monday, April 13th at 5pm PDT / 7pm CDT / 8pm EDT.  You'll have a chance to ask questions I don't answer in this series.  Make sure to follow me on Instagram at @ianmorgancron.

Social distancing is no fun without wine. Get 15 Bottles of Overstocked Wines (INCLUDES 1 BOTTLE VALUED AT $30!*) Only $6.99 Per Bottle + Free Shipping! GOTTA-LOVE-IT GUARANTEE If the wine you buy from us doesn't meet your own high expectations, contact us to let us know, and we'll do what it takes to make it right. Redeem Offer Now! *RADFORD DALE SYRAH GUARANTEED BOTTLE INCLUDED ($30 VALUE) INVENTORY LOW - SELL-OUT RISK HIGH Limited Time Mystery Sale 15 Bottles of Wine $6.99 each

Andrea Unger Andrea Unger's 'East & West' A Success As a four-time World Cup Trading Champion, it's no surprise that Andrea Unger's East & West program on World Cup Advisor® has proven to be a success. It focuses on the Emini S&P 500 and Hang Seng Index Futures Markets. In 16.73 Months of trading, East & West has an impressive Net Return of 91.1% with a modest Drawdown of -16.1% (11/30/18 to 12/31/18). Andrea Unger Launches New Program: 'Micro 500' He calls it "Micro 500" to reflect that it trades Micro S&P 500 Futures. With the recent market volatility, one benefit of Micro contracts is a smaller minimum account size of $10,000 with smaller profit targets and stop losses. Andrea's not looking to knock it out of the park with this one, he's looking for reasonable returns and manageable risk. Applications are now being accepted to follow Micro 500. Secure Your Spot Today Performance shown is for a proprietary account owned by Andrea Unger and includes open trade equity, if any, through 4/8/2020. ﻿﻿*Account value at market.

WARNING: Due to the recent viral outbreak...supplies are limited. Breathe Safer Cutting-Edge N95 Face Mask Blocks 95% Hazardous In-Air Particles Get up to 50% + Free Shipping Blocks as much as 95% of dangerous particles in the air Gives the wearer extra protection against health hazards Helps prevent the spread of nasty bacteria from hands to mouth or nose N95 Certified Click Here To Get Protected Now >>>
